---
layout: post
title:  "EuroTrip 2024 - Paris"
date:   2024-05-17 00:06:16 +0530
categories: travel india
summary: "Summer Vacation in Europe - Paris"
---

For our first wedding anniversary we were determined to visit Paris, among other destinations in me and my wife's first visit to Europe.

# Departure from BOM
We took an outstation Ola sedan taxi from Pune, approx 16:00 on 16th May. The driver had an urge to fuel up on CNG just when the weather was turning bad. That meant we were on the expressway only by 17:00. We were caught in intense downpour on the eway, with more intimidating cars splashing our car causing whiteout at 80-90 kmph. Nevertheless, worse was yet to come.

Just when we thought we are almost at the airport (<4km), we found ourselves reluctant participants in the infamous Saki Naka traffic jam, for full 2 hours. Just when I had finished contemplating my plan to walk to the airport (BOM T-2), the traffic loosened enough to allow us to reach the airport. We had accounted for such uncertainities so we still had enough time to checkin, emmigration etc.

Air France 217 was Boeing 777-200 (twin-jet, B772). The digital entertainment worked well, snacks tasty and blankets comfy. Arrived at CDG (Charles De Gaulle International Airport) Termial 2E at around 08:00 on Friday 17th May (CEST). Central Europe time was 03:30 mins behind India (IST). My Casio watch didn't account for Daylight saving time so I had to set its time zone to Cairo for it to show actual time.

The Immigration line for non-EU/US etc. passports was crazy long and slow. Took about 1hr+ to reach the kiosk. Flights from Africa had just landed as well so the queue was extra long.

Luggage at our belt (which took some time to find) was loaded with other flight baggage as well, so our had been unloaded at the side which we didnt see for another 20mins. So 120mins after landing we were finally ready to go to the city!
We walked to the RER station, 10mins walk. Long queue to get tickets from kiosk, another 15 mins. Took 2 tickets to Paris, paid using Forex card. You just need to insert card and press okay, no PIN!! scary indeed.
RER train just starts at the CDG station so there wasnt any rush and we got a train soon (11:00). 

# Day 0 - Friday, 17th May 2024.
## Tour de Eiffel and Montparnasse

# Day 1 - Saturday, 18th May 2024.
## Louvre Museum, Latin Quarter and Luxembourg Garden

# Day 2 - 
## Catacombs, Montparnasse Semetary, Sacre Couer and Montmarte

# Day 3 - 

Departing at 01:30