---
layout: post
title:  "Time"
date:   2020-01-28 00:06:16 +0530
categories: philosophy
summary: "My perception of Time"
---

## All the time


Time and distance are two of the most intuitive measures that comes naturally to us.
So we don’t think twice before interpreting something being in the past or future, or some object
at 5 miles being closer than the next city at a 100 miles. They are the very axioms to reality, self-evident
interpretations of a complicated universe.

I have this embarrassing habit of post fixing ", yet." and ", or is it?" to all my statements acknowledging facts. This probably stems from my disbelieve in absolutes, I think life is a brilliant smear of grey. One ordinary day I happened to add "or is it?" to my friend's sentence that a particular party we were to attend was happening the next day. Of course this absurd remark was dismissed as one of my improperly timed idiosyncrasies. Later that night I couldn’t help but think that why was something 'tomorrow' and not 'today'. I fell into the rabbit hole of questioning the very fabric of axioms we take for granted; time is linear. That there is a before and an after, but i failed to define a 'present'. Are we in motion through another dimension called time. What set us in motion ? What's our speed ? Are we accelerating ? What happens if we stop ? I hope you understand my helplessness at such questions.
Let me introduce you to yet another wierdity. I often indulge in thought experiments where i contradict a fundamental axiom or fact and then try to reason in support of the contradiction.
If you have never had this pleasure of playing both sides of the battle simultaneously, you have missed out on some pure thrill. I put forward my contradiction to the axiom of basics of time with the fact that time is static, nothing is moving. We are not flowing through a dimension of time forging a future while leaving a past, and neither is it flowing past the present into the past.
My questions are the two faces of the same coin of time. One regards the perception of time by us living organisms.The other pertains to physical nature of this intangible dimension of time.
So I came across Dark series on Netflix last month. It's fascinating how it too supports the same very thing I proposed, all time is happening simultaneously. Forever is now.
This is a continuous article, I will keep updating as and when i have more arguments in support of my contradiction.
