---
layout: post
title:  "EuroTrip 2024 - Munich"
date:   2024-05-23 00:06:16 +0530
categories: travel europe
summary: "Summer 2024 Vacation in Europe - Munich"
---

# Day 6 - Thursday, 23th May 2024.
## Munich - Altstadt

The train, Deutch Bahn (DB), from Stuttgart to Munich was from 11:00-13:00 approx. We were still early for our checkin at Euro Youth Hostel, right outside the station (always called Hauptbahn hof - Hbf), which was 14:00. We waited in the lounge near the bar, reading up tourism pamphlets. The hostel gave us a discount of 10%, in cash!, for taking a double bed in the 10bed dorm since we were a couple. Neat pocket money! Also complemntary beer at the bar. The room was crammed and home for 4 nights but we didnt mind since we would mostly be out and about exploring Munich and nearby places.

Later that day we went exploring the old town (Alt-Stadt). Seeing Rathausen etc. and the market place. Felaffel for dinner, first of many fealafels i was to have in Germany. Such is the vegetarian life. The scars in my gums from eating Tomato-mozarella sandwich had almost begun to heal. There was also a cool Thai outlet near our hostel. we twice ended up packing food to eat in hostel bar lounge.

Night we spent researching Neuschwanstein Castle for which we had booked tickets for Friday evening 17:10.
Room was stuffy so i cracked open the back door at night and no one seemed to mind.
The bathrooms were downstairs outside so that was a big hassle though. Anyway, sleep comes easy when you walk 20000+ steps a day for a week.

# Day 7 - Friday, 24th May 2024.
## Day trip to Neuschwanstein Castle

# Day 8 - Saturday, 25th May 2024.
## Day trip to Innsbruck

# Day 9 - Sunday, 26th May 2024.
## Munich - BMW Welt, Rathaus, English Garten, Fuhrer Bau, Aldstat, Beer Garten

# Day 10 - Monday, 27th May 2024.
## Departure from Munich

