#The Grand AMK Trail

Once again another weekend invested with SG Trekkers, this time for the famous AMK (Alang-Madan-Kulang) Trail. We boarded the private traveller bus at 21:00 from Shivaji Nagar. After some detours within the city to procure sleeping bags and pick up remaining members, we ejected from Pune around 23:00. I was soon asleep in the comfy bus and woke early at around 5:30 in the morning when the bus was at base village. After answering natures call in a frangrant field under a thin silver moon, we devoured our share of poha and were off by 7:00. Trudging through the flat valley terrain we started ascending towards Alang, the A of the AMK trail.

Alang trail is mostly traverse with a few inclining gradients. There is even a ladder at one patch, a rusted shaking menace. We stopped for self-arranged lunch at the cave on Alang. Before the lunch we toured a bit visiting the water tanks and the ruins of Alang fort. It provided a majestic view of the valley we had crossed earlier that day and a magnificent view of Madan and Kulang, yet to be conquered by us. Lunch was an assortment of pharathas and some rice, each had his or her variety. We saw two other groups on their way to madan. That meant there would be a jam at the bottleneck patch for rappling down Alang to climb up to Madan. We took our time and left at around 14:00. Rappling, though not new to me, is always a thrilling experience. Suspended by rope above what seemed like an abyss of hopelessness, we slided down effortlessly to a ledge only to find a surprising patch that we needed to descent by rope, no harness. I descended the first in an embarrasing sequence of postures, thankfully witnessed by just two people. Once down I was further embarrased to see how many good holds i missed as the patch wasn't all too difficult. Same repeated for others, on the way down ot was difficult to spot good footholds and seemed difficult but once down all could see potential foot holds and became vocal in guiding the next person down. Every person down became another expert in guiding the next. It became hilarious to the extent that the last few were frustrated at the variety of suggestions coming from down below. 


